Add Appium bundleId appPackage and appActivity capabilities (#1693)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/test-configuration-options.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
:::note

- If this capability is not provided for a virtual device, the [`appium:app`](#appiumapp) capability needs to be set. If none is set the test will throw an error.
- This capability can be omitted for virtual devices if the [`appium:app`](#appiumapp) capability is set.
- If this capability is not provided for a real device session and also the:
  - [`appium:app`](#appiumapp)
  - or [`appium:bundleId`](#appiumbundleid) (iOS)
  - or [`appium:appPackage`](#appiumapppackage) and ['appium:appActivity'](#appiumappactivity) (Android)

>   capability are not provided, then a real device session will automatically fallback to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS

Author: ```suggestion
  capability is not provided, then a real device session will automatically fall back to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS
```

>   capability are not provided, then a real device session will automatically default back to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS

Author: ```suggestion
  capability are not provided, then a real device session will automatically fallback to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
:::note

- If this capability is not provided for a virtual device, the [`appium:app`](#appiumapp) capability needs to be set. If none is set the test will throw an error.
- This capability can be omitted for virtual devices if the [`appium:app`](#appiumapp) capability is set.
- If this capability is not provided for a real device session and also the:
  - [`appium:app`](#appiumapp)
  - or [`appium:bundleId`](#appiumbundleid) (iOS)
  - or [`appium:appPackage`](#appiumapppackage) and ['appium:appActivity'](#appiumappactivity) (Android)
  capability is not provided, then a real device session will automatically fall back to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS

>   :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If this capability is not provided for a real device session and also the [`appium:app`](#appiumapp), or [`appium:bundleId`](#appiumbundleid) (iOS), or [`appium:appPackage`](#appiumapppackage), or ['appium:appActivity'](#appiumappactivity) (Android) capability is not provided, then a real device session will automatically fall back to the default browser. It affects Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS.
  :::
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
:::note

- If this capability is not provided for a virtual device, the [`browserName`](#browsername-1) capability needs to be set. If none is set the test will throw an error.
- This capability can be omitted for virtual devices if the [`browserName`](#browsername-1) capability is set.
- If this capability is not provided for a real device session and also the:
  - [`browserName`](#browsername-1) capability
  - or [`appium:app`](#appiumapp)
  - or [`appium:bundleId`](#appiumbundleid) (iOS)
  - or [`appium:appPackage`](#appiumapppackage) and ['appium:appActivity'](#appiumappactivity) (Android)

>   capability are not provided, then a real device session will automatically fall back to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS

Author: ```suggestion
  capability is not provided, then a real device session will automatically fall back to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS
```

> capability are not provided, then a real device session will automatically default back to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS

Author: ```suggestion
capability are not provided, then a real device session will automatically fallback to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
:::note

- If this capability is not provided for a virtual device, the [`browserName`](#browsername-1) capability needs to be set. If none is set the test will throw an error.
- This capability can be omitted for virtual devices if the [`browserName`](#browsername-1) capability is set.
- If this capability is not provided for a real device session and also the:
  - [`browserName`](#browsername-1) capability
  - or [`appium:app`](#appiumapp)
  - or [`appium:bundleId`](#appiumbundleid) (iOS)
  - or [`appium:appPackage`](#appiumapppackage) and ['appium:appActivity'](#appiumappactivity) (Android)

>   capability is not provided, then a real device session will automatically fall back to the default browser. This will be Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If this capability is not provided for a real device session and also the [`browserName`](#browsername-1), or [`appium:app`](#appiumapp), or [`appium:bundleId`](#appiumbundleid) (iOS), or [`appium:appPackage`](#appiumapppackage), or ['appium:appActivity'](#appiumappactivity) (Android) capability is not provided, then a real device session will automatically fall back to the default browser. It affects Chrome for Android and Safari for iOS.
```

---

### `appium:bundleId`

<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING | <span className="sauceDBlue">Real Devices Only</span> | <span className="sauceDBlue">iOS Only</span> |</small></p>

Bundle identifier of the app under test, for example `com.apple.calculator`. The capability value is calculated automatically if [`appium:app`](#appiumapp) is provided.

> :::note
> If neither [`appium:app`](#appiumapp), [`browserName`](#browsername-1) or `appium:bundleId` capability is provided then by default Sauce Labs will start the Safari browser for iOS.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
If neither [`appium:app`](#appiumapp), [`browserName`](#browsername-1), or `appium:bundleId` capability is provided then by default Sauce Labs will start the Safari browser for iOS.
:::
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
:::tip
These two posts explain how you can get the `bundleId` for iOS apps:

- [iOS System Apps](https://github.com/joeblau/apple-bundle-identifiers)
- [3rd party iOS Apps](https://pspdfkit.com/guides/ios/faq/finding-the-app-bundle-id/)
  :::

```java
MutableCapabilities capabilities = new MutableCapabilities();
capabilities.setCapability("appium:bundleId", "com.apple.calculator");
```

:::tip
Using Appium 2? Prevent `appium:`-prefix repetitiveness and start using [`appium:options`](#appiumoptions) for Real Devices instead.
:::

---

### `appium:appPackage`

<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING | <span className="sauceDBlue">Real Devices Only</span> | <span className="sauceDBlue">Android Only</span> |</small></p>

> Application package identifier to be started, for example `com.google.android.youtube`. If not provided then UiAutomator2 will try to detect it automatically from the package provided by the [`appium:app`](#appiumapp) capability. Read [How To Troubleshoot Activities Startup](https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/activity-startup.md) for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application package identifier to be started, for example, `com.google.android.youtube`. If not provided, then UiAutomator2 will try to detect it automatically from the package provided by the [`appium:app`](#appiumapp) capability. Read [How To Troubleshoot Activities Startup](https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/activity-startup.md) for more details.
```

> :::note
> If neither [`appium:app`](#appiumapp), [`browserName`](#browsername-1) or `appium:appPackage` plus [`appium:appActivity`](#appiumappactivity) capability are provided then by default Sauce Labs will start the Chrome browser for Android.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
If neither [`appium:app`](#appiumapp), [`browserName`](#browsername-1), or `appium:appPackage` plus [`appium:appActivity`](#appiumappactivity) capabilities are provided then by default Sauce Labs will start the Chrome browser for Android.
:::
```

:::tip
This [post](https://www.techmesto.com/find-android-app-package-name/) explains how you can get the `appPackage` for Android apps.
:::

```java
MutableCapabilities capabilities = new MutableCapabilities();
capabilities.setCapability("appium:appPackage", "com.google.android.youtube");
```

:::tip
Using Appium 2? Prevent `appium:`-prefix repetitiveness and start using [`appium:options`](#appiumoptions) for Real Devices instead.
:::

---

### `appium:appActivity`

<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING | <span className="sauceDBlue">Real Devices Only</span> | <span className="sauceDBlue">Android Only</span> |</small></p>

> Main application activity identifier, for example `com.google.android.apps.youtube.app.watchwhile.WatchWhileActivity`. If not provided then UiAutomator2 will try to detect it automatically from the package provided by the [`appium:app`](#appiumapp) capability. Read [How To Troubleshoot Activities Startup](https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/activity-startup.md) for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main application activity identifier, for example, `com.google.android.apps.youtube.app.watchwhile.WatchWhileActivity`. If not provided then UiAutomator2 will try to detect it automatically from the package provided by the [`appium:app`](#appiumapp) capability. Read [How To Troubleshoot Activities Startup](https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/activity-startup.md) for more details.
```

:::note
If neither [`appium:app`](#appiumapp), [`browserName`](#browsername-1) or `appium:appActivity` plus [`appium:appPackage`](#appiumapppackage) capability are provided then by default Sauce Labs will start the Chrome browser for Android.
:::

> :::tip
> You can get the current activity by using the Appium [`currentActivity`](https://appium.io/docs/en/commands/device/activity/current-activity/) command. (This is the Appium 1 command, but will also work with Appium 2.)
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
You can get the current activity by using the Appium [`currentActivity`](https://appium.io/docs/en/commands/device/activity/current-activity/) command. This is the Appium 1 command, but will also work with Appium 2.
:::
```
